The image of the destruction is there all the time.
And in the back of your mind, the effect on the...
You know, being from a mining area, I suppose we always had those images of the weeping widows, so to speak,
at the pit head when there was an explosion, and that's the kind of thing, and here it was now, in the flesh as it were, it was happening.
But I suppose the thing that's almost indelible in your mind was the sight of the policeman carrying the child out.
That is something from the Alba Vann disaster that I say is indelible.
And strangely enough, what is it, four or five years ago, I was fortunate enough to be mayor of the borough,
and met up with my fellow mayors in other...I thought Shingang as they called him,
and...or Jeff, Jeff was the mayor of Merthyr, and he was actually the last male child brought out of the disaster.
He's the leader of Merthyr Council now, and I met up with him then, and you know, even Jeff,
well, when I say even Jeff, he was there, and his mind is, he still has flashbacks.